use let instead of var (#1872)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/browser-apis/dom-manipulation/write-a-function-to-return-a-complex-element.md

category: must-know

links:

> - '[MDN - Traversing an HTML table with JavaScript and DOM Interfaces](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Traversing_an_HTML_table_with_JavaScript_and_DOM_Interfaces)'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- '[Traversing HTML tables with JavaScript and DOM Interfaces](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Traversing_an_HTML_table_with_JavaScript_and_DOM_Interfaces){documentation}'
```

  return ul;
}

let teaList = createListElement(
  teas
);

container.appendChild(
  teaList
);

```

> In the example above we selected a parent element and stored it in a variable called `container`. Then we created an `ul` element, looped through our array of `teas` and created a `li` element for each type of `tea` while appending each of them to the `ul`. Once we created the list we appended it to the parent element.

Reviewer: I think in this case it should be **a `ul`**, because **u** is read as **yu**
```suggestion
In the example above we selected a parent element and stored it in a variable called `container`. Then we created a `ul` element, looped through our array of `teas` and created a `li` element for each type of `tea` while appending each of them to the `ul`. Once we created the list we appended it to the parent element.
```
